Update Kafka Consumer Group for Topic Mapping (#2134)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/modules/kafka_consumer.md

$ ./bin/kafka-server-start.sh config/server.properties
```

2. Create a Kafka topic:

```bash
./bin/kafka-topics.sh --zookeeper localhost:2181 --replication-factor 1 --partitions 1 --topic testTopic --create
```

## Create Module

1. Open [EMQX Dashboard](http://127.0.0.1:18083/#/modules), click **Modules** in the left-navigation menu, and select **Add Module**.

<img src="./assets/modules.png" alt="img" style="zoom:67%;" />

2. Under the **Message Publish** tab, select the **Kafka Consumer Group** module:

<img src="./assets/kafka_consumer2.png" alt="img" style="zoom:67%;" />

3. Fill in the relevant parameters:

<img src="./assets/kafka_consumer3.png" style="zoom:67%;" />

- **Kafka Server**: Enter the Kafka server address; the default is `127.0.0.1:9092`.
- **Pool Size**: Kafka consumer connection pool size.
- **Kafka Username and Password**: Username and password to connect to the Kafka server.
- Topic Mapping:
  - **Kafka Topic**: The topic from which Kafka messages will be forwarded; in this example, you can use the Kafka topic created earlier, `TestTopic`.

>   - **MQTT Topic**: The topic of the received MQTT message; you can use `${message.key}` here to dynamically set the topic, ensuring that the MQTT topic is always the same as the Kafka topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **MQTT Topic**: The topic of the received MQTT message; you can specify a fixed topic, or dynamically construct the topic from Kafka messages using `${field}` template syntax. Currently, the following fields can be used:

  - value: The message content. If the message is in JSON format, 	`${value.field}` can be used to extract the value of the specified field.
  - ts_type: The message operation type. 
  - ts: The message timestamp in milliseconds, indicating when the message was created.
  - topic: The Kafka Topic where the message is from.
  - offset: The message offset in the Partition, used to uniquely identify a message.
  - key: The message Key.
  - headers: The message headers, which may contain additional metadata.
```
